1.  INTRODUCTION

The Xen-CIM project implements various profiles defined by the System
Virtualization, Partitioning, and Clustering (SVPC) working group within
the Distributed Management Task Force (DMTF).  The SVPC working group
includes members from Citrix Systems, EMC (VMWare), HP, IBM, Microsoft, Novell, 
Unisys,XenSource, and others.  The working group web page serves as a central
point for collaboration and can be found at

    http://www.dmtf.org/apps/org/workgroup/redundancy

Membership to the working group requires registration but is free to all
DMTF member companies.

All profiles and schema created by the SVPC working group are
currently DMTF Confidential.  The various profiles emerging from the
group cannot be shared at this time however the DMTF has given
permission to share the schema.  Recent schema snapshots are located in
project directory schema/dmtf.

The profiles and schema are a work-in-progress and undergo rapid change.
Once stabilized, they are made publicly available as Experimental for
consumption and comment.  At least two, interoperable implementations
must exits before promotion to Final.

The schema models a management domain, e.g. virtualization, and contains
all of the classes and their relationships that are required to describe
the management domain.

Profiles are schema companions that describe in normative text how the
model works.  They are the specification to which implementations
should conform.

The Xen-CIM project aims to implement all relevant profiles produced
by the SVPC working group.  The project is currently tracking the
following profiles:

DSP1042 System Virtualization Profile
DSP1057 Virtual System Profile
DSP1041 Resource Allocation Profile
DSP1043 Allocation Capabilities Profile
DSP1097 Virtual Ethernet Switch Profile
DSP1050 Ethernet Port Resource Virtualization Profile
DSP1047 Storage Resource Virtualization Profile
DSP1044 Processor Resource Virtualization Profile

2.  CONFIGURING

The project configure script accepts the standard configure options.
In addition, the --with-host-instrumentation=TYPE option can be used to
specify which host instrumentation will be used by the Xen-CIM providers.
The available TYPEs are omc and sblim with omc as the default.

"Host instrumentation" refers to implementations of DMTF profiles
describing physical host environments, such as DSP1052 Computer System
Profile.  Many of the virtualization profiles reference profiles that have
been implemented by other open source projects, such as omc and sblim.
This project leverages that work and thus requires either omc or sblim for
model completeness.  Further information on omc or sblim can be found at
their respective project sites:

OMC    - http://developer.novell.com/wiki/index.php/OMC
SBLIM  - http://sourceforge.net/projects/sblim/


3.  BUILDING

You must have a CIMOM (including its associated development packages),
libxml2, and Xen development packages installed to compile.  Then
simply try:

./autoconfiscate.sh
./configure
make

4.  INSTALLING

Use "make install" to install the provider library files.  Default
location is /usr/local/lib/cmpi but can be controlled by the usual
options to configure.

The Xen-CIM schema is derived from the DMTF schema and provides concrete
classes for the implementation.  These schema files are located in the
schema subdirectory.  The DMTF schema in schema/dmtf and the Xen-CIM
schema are installed using the "make postinstall" target.


5.  RUNNING

The Xen CIM providers require Xen >= 3.0.4.  Currently the providers
expect to communicate with the Xen Control Stack in Domain0 using a
Unix Domain Socket.  This socket provides access to the XMLRPC-based
Xen API used by the providers.  Only root processes can connect to this
socket so it is expected that the providers will be running in a
privileged process.

The Xen Control Stack must be configured to open / listen on this
socket. The CIM providers are built to talk to the Xen Control stack 
using the xen-api XML-RPC client. The providers has been tested on 
releases of XenServer (version > 4.0) but could be used to talk to
any open source version of xen by using the right version of the xen-api
XML-RPC client.

6. SECURITY

Basic Authentication is required to be turned on in the CIMOM for
authenticated access to the Xen Control Stack. The client will then
be validated against the Control stack using the credentials provided.
Thus authentication and authorization is delegated to the Xen Control stack.

7. CLIENT

Access the provider functionality using your favorite CIM/WBEM client.
